Topics FPD module documentation and link added (#4321)
prebid/prebid.github.io: dev-docs/modules/topicsFpdModule.md

---
layout: page_v2
page_type: module
title: Module - topicsFpdModule
description: how to get topics data using Topics API
module_code : topicsFpdModule

> display_name : Topics FPD Module

Reviewer: Is this conceptually not an RTD module? I haven't looked an the pbjs implementation, but from a functional point of view it provides real time data?

```
module_type: rtd
```

Author: It is related to First Party data. Don't know what will be the module_type in this case.

Author: @patmmccann Can you please confirm on this ?

Author: @patmmccann  can you please confirm on this ? Do we need to add module_type: rtd in this case.
@muuki88 already has given confirmation that PR can be merged.

Reviewer 2: Good to merge for me

enable_download : true
sidebarType : 1
---

# Overview
This module is use to call the Topics API (document.browsingTopics()) which will fetch the first party domain as well third party domain(Iframe) topics data which will be sent onto user.data in bid stream. 

> To learn more about topics in general, go [here](https://blog.google/products/chrome/get-know-new-topics-api-privacy-sandbox/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about topics in general, visit [googles blog "Get to know the new Topics API for Privacy Sandbox"](https://blog.google/products/chrome/get-know-new-topics-api-privacy-sandbox/).
```

I personally find links that are just marked as "here" harder to find and less intuitive. WDYT?

Author: Done
